Episode 1 (pilot) "Who Invited You?" - Filming, airs April, 2003
Episode ? "Of Emperors and Urchins" - Script under revision
Episode ? "Nothing lost, Nothing gained" - Script under revision
Episode ? "The Truth is out There" - Concept
Episode ? "Who Are You?" - Concept
Episode ? "Human Hearts are Made of Flesh" - Title
Episode ? "Hung be the Heavens with Black" - Title

Of all the things I've lost, I miss my mind the most

The gentleman is not in your books

Storlines plots
---------------

house of cards with tarot like deck of many things adventure

Clone of cyro slayer has wood stake for implants in each forearm she
remebers being in tank (clone tube) and corporate raid from which she
escapes lab.  Scene - naked girl washses up on shore.  Two vamps
Cleetus and noname come strolling along "What have we here?" "A sea
food snack" haha noname grabs and hauls her up, just as he is aobut to
feast, wood stake extends and dusts him, cleetus runs away, she
wonders off throught the turbines towards city parts.

Season Story Arcs:
 - Sacrifice
 - Dualities ala twinpeaks

 betrayal
 what is "human"
 piske fairy fantasy
 kill some save many "Choices" been done

teaser
setup
turning point
climax


Big Bads:
 - AI

Subplots
 - Find the slayer
 - A new slayer

Episodes:
 - Wendingo
 - slavic myths
 - Alternate world ala Star Trek
 - X-files FBI agenst show up keep them from learning about vamps
 - "Of Emperor's and Urchins"


Saint Francis of Assisi [1182-1226] - co-founder of the Franciscan



Various religions personified
-indian chief
-taoist chinwa
-fransican monk
-indian hindu cheeka

street performers
cleaning crews
scanvange crews

The uber kids: powerfull die young

san fran coven

prom kids prom knight

neptune society

rosecrutions

Lees and Chans - street gangs tolerated since they rarely kill each
other provide good gurellia troops


Places
------
Muni bar 15th harrison

Randall museun on hill

Armory in mission

The club is "The Coffe house"

Richmond San Rafael Bridge, and the San Mateo Bridge

Caltrans property off limits, fromt for military/gov

sweat lodge at stow lake

The Junk Buddha - Large 100ft long reclining Buddah make from blding and other
salvage/junk

Laser sculpture light show thing

Park overgrown, people say druids live there

ArtSpace - GBA chain of community places, more for making art shows it
too, has webcams and linked together so can tele-learn and view art.

Wind turbines on beach - eggbeater variety

Laser tag arena

Trip Bar - Chillout drup up anyone over 14






Events
------

World Cultural Fair: A multi cultural event that Tara attended alone after
arguing with Willow. Glory found her there and sucked her brain.

Conspiracy con

Watchers Retreat: An event held annually in The Cotswolds. There are lectures
and other activities including riding, hiking, punting, and kayaking. It is a
great honour to be invited to the Retreat. Giles has never been, but would
dearly like to.

Love Parade - rave like germany


Redchips, ex Chinese plastic coins.  Hard to fabricate and no longer in
production So they are accepted as currency with a fixed value throughout the
GBA and most of NW North America. Although, no official source will convert them
into some other currency such as GBA credits.


Angie vision
picture of old sf shore line for angie
vision of old indian and spanish arrival "I'm sorry you have to live in
these sorrow fill times"


The character's blind spots. Everyone has them, and few GMs think to
detail them. Does your NPC trust a certain type of person implicitly?
Does he believe himself invincible, even though he isn't? This may
provide the foundation for how your players can blackmail or defeat an
NPC.

The character's blind spots. Everyone has them, and few GMs think to
detail them. Does your NPC trust a certain type of person implicitly?
Does he believe himself invincible, even though he isn't? This may
provide the foundation for how your players can blackmail or defeat an
NPC.

#1. Let the PCs see or overhear moments from the NPCs' lives,
particulary *partial* scenes. If the woman and her son live near the
party, the PCs could see the son leaving the house with his mother
yelling after him about how he'd better be home before 9 PM. Which leads
to the son making a sarcastic remark about his mother to a PC. Later
they see the son at a nightclub he isn't old enough to get into, taking
a plastic baggie from an older man who resembles him.

This could be an interesting way to drag the party into a plot about
tracking down drug dealers, trying to get the son back onto the right
track, or something entirely different that the uncle or the mother is
into. The boy could be used by the party as a pawn if they need
something from one of his older relatives, or maybe they have to protect
him from someone else who wants to use him as a pawn.

#2. Use physical cues. Group dynamics can be revealed easily when the
party talks to one NPC about another, spies on NPCs hanging out
together, listens in on a phone conversation, and so on. Remember to
play with eye contact, tone of voice, body language, etc.

The boy might stand stiffly with his arms folded when he's confronting
his mother; perhaps he won't look her in the eyes. He might affect an
older, disinterested air to impress his uncle. His uncle half-suppresses
a smile when the boy isn't looking. The mother's tone of voice could be
tense and tightly controlled. If someone talks to the mother on the
phone, she might break the flow of conversation to yell at her son in
the background.

#3. Remember how people talk when speaking to someone they know well and
have a history with. Once in a while use in-jokes and out-of-context
comments that refer to past events. Try to know what the comments and
jokes refer back to, though, in case your PCs investigate the matter. If
you're feeling ambitious you can hide clues in these stories to how the
NPCs think and act that could help your party with their plot.


#1. NPCs aren't always home or eager to see the party when they show up.
Perhaps the NPC was wining and dining a date, or went out to do his
laundry. Maybe he was in the shower when they rang the doorbell.

#2. Have NPCs visit party members now and then without being asked.
Maybe they want to hang out and have dinner, or pump the party for
information about something. Perhaps they just felt like dropping by
while they were in the neighborhood.

#3. Have NPCs bump into the party in unexpected places. The party goes
out to a nightclub and runs into an NPC they haven't seen in a few
weeks. Or they go to visit someone, and run into someone else leaving -


Villain Flaw #1: Inhibitions
*  Your villain is squeamish. The sight of blood makes him faint, or
the idea of death scares the living daylights out of him due to some
childhood trauma.
*  Your villain is practical and killing is impractical. Perhaps the
local authorities would be willing to look the other way if the
villain killed the party for some reason, but they wouldn't look the
other way if innocent bystanders died.
*  Someone the villain cares about or doesn't want dead is among the
innocent bystanders.
*  The villain just hates guns (or other relevant weapons of
destruction) for some reason.


Villain Flaw #2: He Has Issues!
*  Phobias, fears, anxieties, terrors, and traumas. If your villain is
afraid of something, that can be used against him!
*  Regrets, disappointments, humiliations, shameful secrets - if your
villain's mistakes can be exposed, his allies might leave him. If he
can be reminded of his humiliations, he might lose some of his
confidence and make a mistake.
*  Deep-seated traumas, mental illness, a need for medication - such
things can be exploited by a clever party. Check out our series of
articles on mental illness in roleplaying for more ideas, starting
with article #1 (keep clicking on the "Next" link at the bottom of
each article to take you through the series):
http://www.burningvoid.com/users/heather/roleplaying/Essays/mental.html


Villain Flaw #3: The Blind Spot
*  Emily is overly trusting, and even when people obviously lie to her
she's likely to believe that the person was simply mistaken rather
than lying.
*  Max is overconfident, and is likely to take on challenges he isn't
quite up to.
*  Jim loves his sister and would do anything to protect her, even
though he knows she doesn't approve of his actions.
*  Mary has a great deal of drive and stamina, and doesn't tend to
notice when her allies and compatriots are burning out and wearing down.
*  Eli is convinced that he's doing things for the right reasons, and
thus that he isn't a villain. Because of this he tends to forget that
most people would disapprove of what he's doing, and sometimes allows
information to slip that could turn people against him.
*  Norma is so enraged at the actions of the enemies she fights that
her judgment slips during tense, emotional battles. She becomes so
angry that she's less likely to notice problems or remember to check
everything she should.


Villain Flaw #4: The Traitor or Informant
Villain Flaw #5: Luck and Random Chance
Villain Flaw #6: Unexpected PC Resources


100 character traits
   1. always interrupts people.
   2. nods frequently but isn’t listening.
   3. scratches a lot.
   4. fidgets constantly.
   5. paces back and forth.
   6. has bits of food in his beard.
   7. has fresh stains on his clothing.
   8. is exceptionally rumpled and un-tucked.
   8.
   9. pulls strands of hair from his mouth.
  10. farts with gusto.
  11. burps with gusto.
  12. says "excuse me" a lot.
  13. very touchy/feely (grabs hands or arms while talking).
  14. talks slowly.
  15. talks rapidly.
  16. always forgets what she is saying.
  17. interrupts herself.
  18. loves to sprinkle quotes through her conversation.
  19. stinks of garlic.
  20. espouses the medicinal virtues of garlic (and offers a clove).
  21. tells people private things as if they were close friends.
  22. seems very nervous.
  23. sweats profusely.
  24. is always chilly.
  25. very thirsty all the time.
  26. very hungry all the time.
  27. constantly hears the call of nature… (i.e. pees a lot).
  28. whines and complains a lot.
  29. doesn’t get most jokes – needs to have them explained.
  30. makes nonsensical jokes with very obscure punch lines.
  31. has pierced nipples and dresses to show them.
  32. wears a ring on every finger.
  33. wears a ring on every toe.
  34. wears ankle bells that jangle whenever she moves.
  35. takes notes obsessively.
  36. suggests fashion improvements: "that leather really doesn’t work with your eyes… have you tried green velvet?"
  37. spits huge wads with gusto.
  38. tends to spray spittle while speaking.
  39. talks too loudly.
  40. talks too quietly.
  41. mumbles.
  42. smokes a foul smelling herb.
  43. is very sleepy.
  44. is always guilty about something… "I should really be at work…"
  45. always invites people to events – parties, picnics, meetings, seances, whatever.
  46. seems very greasy.
  47. has very bad skin.
  48. has a visible birthmark.
  49. has a major scar.
  50. likes to play games.
  51. is addicted to gambling.
  52. is an alcoholic.
  53. always tries to win favors from the group.
  54. is very curious about everybody.
  55. is extroverted to the point of embarrassing her companions.
  56. is a picky eater.
  57. is noticeably fastidious.
  58. is always in a hurry.
  59. grins constantly.
  60. always agrees with everything.
  61. changes the subject.
  62. hates going to new restaurants.
  63. is really awkward around the opposite gender.
  64. has fleas.
  65. eats other people’s leftovers (without asking).
  66. thinks the world is far too loud.
  67. has trouble hearing.
  68. blows his nose into his hand and then shakes it clean.
  69. is extremely clumsy.
  70. always has a mild sunburn.
  71. has a bad cold.
  72. has a pouch of candied giblets.
  73. likes a particular currency better than others and insists that people change their money first.
  74. has bird shit on his turban.
  75. always adds a bit of powder to her beverages (and claims it is a health tonic).
  76. loves to dance.
  77. is rude to waiters and waitresses.
  78. boasts about his sexual exploits (real or imagined).
  79. is a serious flirt.
  80. believes firmly that the culture is degenerating and always talks about the "old days".
  81. always plugs her favorite politician (or guild, royal family-member, etc.)
  82. has strong body odor.
  83. smells really good (subtle perfume, very clean, whatever).
  84. is injured (broken bone, recent burn, etc.)
  85. injures him or herself while talking to the PCs.
  86. remembers one of the PCs from "school" (or a similar chapter in the character’s life)
  87. chokes or swallows something wrong in the middle of conversation.
  88. stumbles into one of the characters while walking (maybe a pick-pocket, maybe not).
  89. constantly refers to herself in the third person.
  90. constantly refers to her (always present) "friend" (who only she can see).
  91. is never without her pet mouse (or rodent of choice).
  92. impresses all with the ability to play music through her nose.
  93. wears a turban and nothing else to bed every night.
  94. wears a turban and nothing else until noon each day.
  95. freaks out and runs away in the middle of a conversation (maybe she remembers an important appointment, or maybe it is more sinister).
  96. asks a PC for a lock of his or her hair.
  97. has a nasty rash.
  98. has a very hairy neck.
  99. chews fingernails (or toenails…)
 100. carries lots of bags, parcels, and packages.


Step 1: Decide on a Goal for the Villains
Step 2: Choose an Arch Villain
Step 3: Choose the Arch Villain's Chief Lieutenants
Step 4: Decide on the Cannon Fodder
Step 5: Relationships Within the Hierarchy of Evil
